Oh. thank you for
coming out so quickly.
Not a problem.
You said you'd been a
victim of a robbery?
Yes.
Sorry. I'm a little shaken.
Perfectly understandable.
I didn't think something
like this could happen.
Everything seemed so safe.
And. uh. what all was stolen?
A poleax. a cloak of undying.
and my giraffe. Nexi.
I have to get her back.
It took two weeks of grinding
to save up for her egg.
Oh. don't look at me.
This is not my
brand of out there.
Um. sorry. I'm lost.
Uh. they broke into
your apartment...
Not this place. My
"Cloudmaster" mansion.
In Shadow Realm.
Someone stole these
items from a VR world?
Not someone... DragonSlayer6498.
Here. You can
question him yourself.
Oh. the... Okay.
Wow.
No. no. no.
No. Nope. Nope. Can't see.
♪ I'm gonna win for you like
I know you want me to do ♪
Now. every week. a
new real estate agent
wants to list the house.
I really should
consider selling mine.
Tim and Genny made a fortune
selling their
dad's place. right?
Yeah. they sure did.
But you still have
tenants in yours.
And they're great.
This sweet older couple that
have been together for 50 years.
It's very inspirational.
And what do you charge for rent?
$3.000 a month.
And your mortgage is $2.000.
That is great passive income.
Right?
Theoretically.
They don't always pay
their rent on time.
Late a few days?
More like a few months.
Bailey. how... how long has
it been since they paid rent?
Did I mention that they were
high-school sweethearts?
Six months.
They haven't paid their rent in
six months. I'll talk to them.
Now. I think maybe
I better handle it.
We all know that old
people are your kryptonite.
My grandmother raised me.
And she did a lovely job.
Solving crimes one
meme at a time?
Uh. balancing the
awfulness of humanity
with a little baby time.
Leah's huge.
When did that happen?
I know. She's gonna be
crawling any minute now.
Hmm. Unlike Angela. who
skipped right to walking.
Damian. what are you doing here?
I need a favor.
If this is about baptizing
Jack. can you just...
Oh. I already handled that.
What? Yeah.
Last time I was over for dinner.
I brought a little
holy water and...
Is that kosher?
Different religion.
Oh. you mean if
it's cool? Uh. yes.
Technically. I have a license
to baptize anytime. anywhere.
Without even asking?
You'll thank me later.
I'm here about one
of the gang members
I've been counseling.
Mateo Ramirez.
He was about to renounce the
life. and then he disappeared.
His family hasn't heard
a word. and I'm worried.
Who does he run with?
Quinlan Wright's crew.
We know Quinlan.
He's been coming up
fast with a young crew.
Yeah. He's been
making big moves.
scooping up Elijah's territory.
So you'll look for Mateo?
He's a good kid.
deserves a fresh start.
Sure. Text me his cell number.
and we can start tracking
him where it was last pinged.
Thank you.
Those kids are
lucky to have you.
But next time you
come to my house.
I'm gonna search you
for communion wafers.
Hey.
What was wrong with
the old coffee machine?
Ooh. Lead levels. for one.
Mice infestation.
for two. Here.
Thank you very much.
Here. let me do it.
See? It's easy.
That is easy.
Yeah. I watched a
ClipTalk tutorial.
So. what'd you guys
get up to last night?
Nothing.
I went to the new
Chagall exhibit.
Oh. yes. Bailey wants
to check that out.
You should totally take her.
You get such a great sense for
the evolution of his style.
It's good. We will. Okay.
Thank you for the
rec and the bar.
Yeah. See ya.
"Nothing?" You had all morning
to come up with a cover story.
and that's what you went with?
Whoa. whoa. He
bought it. didn't he?
Mm. What if he had asked you
a follow-up question
about the exhibit?
Let him. I read the catalog
for the exhibit cover to cover.
Mm-hmm.
I hear you have
Citizen's Academy today.
I do. Do you have any tips?
Yeah. Uh. look. you're gonna
get a lot of busybodies
who are way into their
neighborhood watch.
But the ones you have to be most
careful with... screenwriters.
Mm. Do not give them
your business card.
You'll be up to your
eyeballs in scripts.
Okay. Thank you. Yeah.
So. um. what are
you doing tonight?
"Nothing"... I hope.
Nothing sounds perfect.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Hello.
- Good morning.
Welcome to Citizen's Academy.
Uh. I'm Officer Lucy Chen.
and I will be your
instructor today.
So. as you know. this
is an outreach program
where you learn a little
bit about the LAPD
and how we do things here.
And one of the first
things we always do
is run background checks
on everybody who signs up.
So. Chris Pike. Jack Harris.
you have prior
felony convictions
for robbery and assault.
so that will disqualify
you from learning
how we do business here.
Officer Simmons
will show you out.
Thank you.
And. Janet White...
Not only do you have a record.
but you have an outstanding
warrant for your arrest.
Finn will happily escort
you to processing.
Right this way.
You can tell me
why stealing a fire truck
seemed like a great idea.
Okay.
So now that that's out of
the way. let's get started.
Yes?
We're allowed to use whatever
happens here in our scripts.
right?
As long as we change the names?
Mm-hmm.
Hey. so. I have some ideas on
how I think we can increase
the LAPD's social
media presence.
Think I should run them by Grey?
Absolutely.
Are you just saying that so you
can watch him shoot me down?
Genny? What's up?
I'm at Tyler's
baseball practice.
Spellman Field.
Things are getting really ugly
between one of the
parents and the coach.
No!
Why can't you just...
On our way.
How is he supposed to
show you what he can do
when he is stuck
in the outfield?!
I know what he can do.
I want Cody on that
pitcher's mound immediately
or I'm having you fired!
You do know I'm coaching
the kids for free. right?
Then we're paying you
what you're worth.
Okay. guys. maybe we could
discuss this in private.
What's the problem?
Oh. this... this idiot wants
to put my kid on the outfield!
He's a pitcher! No. he's not.
Blake is the only one with
any actual pitching skill.
Uh. I don't have
to pitch. Coach.
Really. I-I like the bench.
See? Bench him.
You want to know why your
son's in the outfield. Celeste?
Because he's terrible!
He is the worst player
I've ever coached.
Okay. ma'am. now
you're going to jail.
What? No. I... Woman: Oh.
my God. what just happened?
But. uh. he's a pitcher.
Sir. are you okay?
No.
I quit.
Does this mean
practice is canceled?
He's our third coach.
Might mean the
season's canceled.
Hang on. What about...
What about Tim?
Nothing.
No. it's a great idea.
You love baseball.
and you wanted to be
more involved in Tyler's life.
Please. Uncle Tim. We'll
have the best time.
I promise.
It's an important distinction.
A robbery is when
you take something
through the use
of force or fear.
and a burglary is when
you break into a structure
to commit a crime.
Yeah? What's a B&E?
The...
That is a TV term.
Under California statutes.
it's not a thing.
so don't use it.
Yeah?
What happens when you call the
police about domestic violence?
Well. great question.
A domestic violence call
is a mandatory arrest.
If we're called to a home.
somebody is going
away in handcuffs.
The days of cops looking
the other way are long gone.
But. like. what
happens to the victim.
you know. if they don't
have a place to stay?
Um. there are amazing
shelters in the city.
It's a scary situation.
um. and it might seem like
there's no place to go.
but I promise.
everyone has options.
I mean. I was just curious.
Yeah. no. Of... Of course.
Six months
is a long time to go
without paying rent.
but times are hard.
I can understand Bailey's
reluctance to force the issue.
Permission to speak freely. sir?
Proceed.
You and Bailey are too nice to
be in the L. A. landlord game.
You think they're
taking advantage of us?
Oh. I-I know they are.
Look. my cousin. he let
a tenant stay so long.
he changed the locks and took
advantage of the squatter laws
to all but steal the house.
To be a landlord in this town.
I mean. you got to be
willing to cut a bitch...
Well. figuratively
speaking. sir.
Got it... so less Mr. Nice
Guy. more stone cold killer.
Mm-hmm.
Good morning.
Oh. hello. Officers.
How can I help you?
Bailey Nune is my fiancée
and also your landlord.
She mentioned you might be
a little behind on rent.
Six months late. in fact.
Malcolm. can you come here?
He's here about the rent.
Oh. I'm so sorry. Officer.
We've been struggling
a little recently.
But... But we have the money.
I-It's just tied up. But it
shouldn't be much longer.
I understand. I get it.
I've been where you are.
But Bailey has given you
lots of time to resolve this.
I agree completely.
I will hand-deliver
the rent on Wednesday.
But I-I will have to take
a couple hundred off.
We've had a few
maintenance issues.
Oh. did you bring
those up with Bailey?
Oh. no. no. We... We
didn't want to trouble her.
I am also a contractor.
If anything else comes up. you
just shoot them over to me.
and I'll be here Wednesday
for the back rent.
Absolutely. Thank you.
You bet. Thank you.
I'm not gonna see
them Wednesday. am I?
I'm telling you. just
sign over the lease now.
7-Adam-15. 2331.
we're working a missing
person. Mateo Ramirez.
His cellphone last pinged
at the old Florence Kitchen.
You free to meet us there?
Can do.
I don't like this.
Something bad happened.
The unfortunate effects
of supply chain issues?
No. No. this is as close as
I've ever felt to evil...
Find anything?
True evil. Huh?
The place does give
off a certain vibe.
And this is weird.
What?
This is fresh plasterboard.
Why fix a wall in a place
destined for a wrecking ball?
I'm gonna call Mateo's cell.
see if we can hear anything.
Careful.
Ohh. Ugh.
You need a
minute? No. sir.
You ever seen anything
like this before?
Not exactly like this.
but I have seen plenty of
things I wish I could unsee.
I mean. I've known how
brutal the world can be
since I was a kid. but. I
mean. it's still shocking
when you come face
to face with it.
And yet it's when it
stops being shocking
that you really need to worry.
Yeah.
Alright. What can I do?
TID's on the way to
process the scene.
Why don't you go
outside. wait for them.
and show them the way in?
So. we thinking cartel?
Or cartel-inspired.
Mateo was affiliated.
He ran with Quinlan
Wright's crew.
I'd bet money the rest
of these guys did. too.
Yeah. We'll know for
sure once we I. D. them.
Celina okay?
Yeah. She will be. I'm
not sure if it helps
or if it hurts that
she sees this as...
Evil incarnate?
Yeah. You believe in that?
A hundred percent.
Uh. do I believe
in the embedding
of a metaphysical
force within the body
that turns people into monsters?
No comment.
But I know for a fact that
this is only gonna get worse.
If this really is
Quinlan's guys.
then this is likely the
beginning of a gang war.
With who?
Moses Warden.
That's my pick.
They've been fighting over
Elijah's territory for months.
Well. maybe we pay both
these guys a visit.
impress upon them
how bad it would be
if they were to
take it any farther.
It's worth a try.
A shot across the bow
is not gonna stop them.
but it might slow
them down long enough
for us to put bracelets on
the monsters who did this.
You avoiding the pastries.
I don't blame you.
They look sad.
I need
to watch my figure.
My boyfriend hates women
who let themselves go.
Oh. well. what does it matter
what he thinks? It's your body.
He's helping me.
You know. I need the motivation
to be the best I can be.
Oh. and if you slip up?
What does he do then?
Uh...
He's cool about it.
It's my body. You
know. like you said.
You know. sometimes
controlling behavior...
It... it can be.
like. a red flag.
Um. t-that's not...
Uh. he's just
looking out for me.
I-I shouldn't have
said anything.
The bathroom's that way. right?
Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay.
You'll never guess who's
coaching Little League.
Nolan?
No. Sergeant Friendly.
What? How did that
happen? Can I watch?
Guys. it's not that
big of a deal. alright?
Uh. Tyler's coach quit.
so I'm just gonna sub until
they find a replacement.
Hmm.
What's this?
Uh. so. one of the
"students"... Kyra Cook.
Um. her boyfriend. Oliver.
is recently divorced.
and his ex has a restraining
order against him
for domestic violence.
Hmm. Do you think
he's abusing Kyra?
Yeah. I do. I mean. I'm not...
I'm not sure how I
can help. though.
Well. if she won't
admit it's happening.
what can you do?
She came to Citizen's
Academy for a reason.
Maybe... Maybe she wants help.
but she's still too afraid.
I think I just
need to find a way
to make her feel comfortable
enough to ask for it.
Bailey's tenants sent
over a list of things
they say need repairing.
It numbers in the hundreds.
Replace the spa jets?
She doesn't even have a hot tub.
You still struggling?
No.
Well. a little.
I know. I-I need to
get over it. I'm a cop.
I'm going to see
messed-up things.
True. It doesn't mean
you have to act like
it doesn't have
an impact on you.
I mean. Harper didn't blink.
Harper has seen things
that would give Freddy
Krueger nightmares.
Alright. So who's this
guy we're going to jam up?
Quinlan Wright. Got his
start working corners.
Graduated to trafficking.
Spent two years in Pelican Bay
and got out just in
time for Elijah's fall.
Okay. how do you keep all
these players straight?
I mean. it seems
like they're rising
and falling every five minutes.
Takes work. Uh. CIs on the
street. regular check-ins
with the different desks...
Detectives. narco. gangs.
I was planning on waiting
till you had a few more months
under your belt to
do that deep dive.
Oh. I'm ready now.
The more I know. the
less surprised I'll be.
Ah. if
only that were true.
♪ We don't ever stop.
we don't ever drop ♪
♪ We keep rollin'. I know
that you better rock ♪
♪ We the veterans. yup.
you in steady shock ♪
♪ We just better men ♪
I got nothing.
♪ We number one while
you settle for two ♪
♪ Better review. way overdue ♪
♪ If they can have us.
they won't settle for you ♪
♪ We in go mode. back
down by the post ♪
♪ Like my lone gun
stunned kinda loco ♪
Help you?
We're here to see Quinlan.
Not here.
Get 'em. Unstoppable. baby!
Thanks. Stop
playing with me. man.
Get off the court.
And yet I'm looking
right at him.
♪ Goin'. goin'.
yeah. we in go mode ♪
Officers. man. we in the
middle of a game here.
Look like you guys
could use a breather.
♪ Goin' slow-mo ♪
I can go all day...
And all night.
Hmm. Then you should. uh. cut
back on the little blue pills.
You funny.
What y'all doing here. man?
Here to offer our condolences.
Four of your crew
were found dead today.
Yeah. I heard.
♪ Got the pedal all
the way to the floor ♪
♪ And I'm ready to go now ♪
They was good boys. too.
We're doing what we
can for the families.
And plotting revenge
against the ones who did it?
Look. if you got a
name. I'm all ears.
Here.
You know the name.
Hi. there. We're here
to talk to Moses.
And don't say he's not
here. because we watched him
pull in a few minutes ago.
You moved up in
the world. Moses.
I know you?
I hooked you up a couple times
when I was working patrol.
Oh. yeah.
Didn't recognize you
without the lady cop bun.
Congratulations
on the promotion.
You look good out of uniform.
Oh. I know. We're
here about the bodies
that you dropped
in Mid-Wilshire.
Walled them up. hoping
we wouldn't find them.
I don't know what
you're talking about.
Come on. Everyone
in town knows
you and Quinlan are
fighting for territory.
Trust me. if I was gonna
make a move on Quinlan.
I wouldn't make it a mystery.
I'd string his guys up
so everyone would see.
Look. I don't want this
getting out of hand
any more than y'all do. alright?
I'm not thinking about
retaliating against Moses.
You've already set
something in motion.
Harper. Lopez. heads up.
You got trouble headed your way.
I hope you've enjoyed this little
taste of police work today.
I know I've enjoyed sharing
with you. So thank you.
Your questions were
very eye-opening.
Have a nice day.
Yeah.
Kyra. could you stay a minute?
I was just thinking
about your question.
"Where do domestic
violence victims go
when they don't have
anyone to stay with?"
I was just curious.
Of course. I. um...
I would just kick
myself if I didn't...
If you're scared to go home.
I could get you a place
in the shelter tonight.
No one would ever need to
find out where you are.
What would happen to him?
Would you arrest him?
Depends what you tell
me. Does he hit you?
No. He would never do that.
He just loses his temper...
You know. punches
walls. stuff like that.
Yeah. I can only imagine.
That's really scary.
You know. that kind of violence.
it can escalate really quickly.
So just be honest with yourself.
Do you feel safe with him?
Not always.
Why don't we get you
a bed for tonight?
Maybe a little bit of
time away would be good.
Okay.
Thank you.
You guys okay? Yeah.
Moses's shop has
seen better days.
Where's he?
Slipped out the back as soon
as the shooting started.
You know he's gonna go back
at Quinlan twice as hard.
Be sure to brief the midnight
shift and the gang desk.
This war's gonna keep escalating
until they take each other out.
♪ Gimme. gimme. give
it good and plenty ♪
♪ If you want it from me. then
it's gonna cost a nice penny ♪
♪ Like good times.
I'm sweet lemmy ♪
♪ 'Cause if I ain't got it.
then. baby. it ain't any ♪
♪ Grand Puba. you know
how I get it lit ♪
♪ I get a lot of money just
for talkin' a lot of... ♪
♪ Girls go crazy 'cause
they lovin' how I spit ♪
♪ And you ain't got to
worry 'cause you know... ♪
♪ Iconic. smooth as Delfonic ♪
Get up!
Everybody. bring it in.
♪ So back up ♪
Let's go. Hustle. hustle.
Guys. nice work. There's
room for improvement.
but I'm seeing a lot of
heart out there. okay?
Uh. Blake. let's see you pitch.
Alright. Let's go back
out. Back to drills.
Hi. Um. who are you?
What? I...
The... "A lot of heart"?
They're kind of a mess.
They're kids. It's
supposed to be fun.
Yeah.
This is weird. right?
Our dad coached
Tim's a little league team
for all of three days.
He has literal scars.
He's trying not to be like him.
Yeah.
Well. I mean. there
is such a thing
as over-correcting.
Hey. guys. Bring
it in. Huddle up.
What are you doing?
You know. kids need to have fun.
but they also need a
little bit of structure.
Hey. hustle up. Okay.
Uh. my name is Lucy. I am
Coach Bradford's friend.
and we're gonna start with the
basics... throwing the ball.
So. first things first.
make sure the ball is
secure in your mitt.
Eyes on the target.
Step out with the opposite
leg from your throwing arm.
Follow through.
Ball lands back in the mitt.
And we'll cycle
through that. okay?
We're not gonna move on
until everybody gets it.
So spread out.
Let's give it a try.
You heard her.
Oh. Oh.
Alright. Are you ready to get
tough about the back rent?
Oh. big time.
Why are there so many
lights on. though?
I don't know.
Weird.
You here for the shoot?
What shoot?
Where's Maeve and Malcolm?
I don't
think they're here.
Are they filming a
porno? On my furniture?
I prefer the term
"adult film."
How much are they
charging you to film here?
$1.500 a shoot.
four shoots a week.
$1.500... That's...
Six thousand dollars. A week.
I'm... I'm gonna kill them.
I think you two should co-coach.
You were great together.
Oh. no. no. I'm... I'm ready to
hand over the reins entirely.
Not a chance.
No. but seriously.
I saw today why you
work so well together.
I-I... It's just. uh...
We spend so much time together
on... out on the job. Mm-hmm.
It's so great that Tyler
has been making friends so
quickly after moving here.
Yeah. I mean. Blake's
mom works crazy hours.
so he practically
lives at our house. Mm.
Hey. guys? We're about
done. Let's wrap it up.
My mom just texted.
my dad's coming to
the game tomorrow.
Oh. that's great.
We'll make sure he gets
the best seat in the house.
Here. honey.
What's up?
Blake's dad ran out
on them a year ago.
Oh. Do you know why?
Outstanding warrants for
assault and attempted murder.
If he shows up tomorrow. we're
gonna have to arrest him.
Blake will be devastated.
Well. maybe we'll get lucky
and he'll flake
on his son again.
Yeah. here's hoping.
Excuse me. Hello.
Officer Chen. it's
Sherice from the shelter.
The woman you sent over...
Kyra... she's a problem.
What's going on?
She kept asking if her
friend Linda was here.
and when I told her
it was illegal for me
to disclose anything about the
people who stay in my shelter.
she asked to be moved.
Yeah. I think I know
what's going on.
Uh. I'm sorry about that.
I-I'll head over right away.
Thanks.
What's wrong?
There's something going
on with my domestic.
You want me to come?
No. it's okay. I got it.
You're leaving?
A friend says that
I can stay with her.
Kyra. you don't
have to lie to me.
You're going back to Oliver.
I don't know what
you're talking about.
You asked about Linda.
right?
I know that your boyfriend's
ex-wife is named Linda.
You're crazy.
Did he tell you to ask
for her and the kids?
She stole his kids and
pumped them full of lies.
He just wants to explain.
Kyra. we know that he has
been beating her for years.
You don't understand.
No. I do.
I think he's using you.
And maybe you were
telling the truth earlier
that he doesn't hit you.
but statistics say
that he will. okay?
So you need to get
out of that house.
I'm done talking.
Wait.
Look. take my card. okay?
You can call me. Take it.
Kyra. get in.
You don't have to go with
him.
You don't.
Yeah. she does.
Get in the damn car.
Oliver. you need to wait.
Kyra and I are still talking.
I've got nothing
more to say to you.
You have yourself a nice night.
There's nothing you can do
until she files a police report.
She's not gonna do that.
She's under his spell...
Which is baffling to me.
even though I understand
the psychology behind it.
Listen. I-I had this...
This case early on.
and the woman would call
us. we'd arrest her husband.
she'd change the story.
The details made no sense.
D.A. couldn't prosecute.
and she'd go stay at
a shelter for a while.
and then she'd go back to him.
I just... I could
never make sense of it.
What happened to her?
He killed her.
And afterwards. the. uh.
doctors showed us a C. T. scan.
and there was so much damage.
you would think she was
a professional boxer.
Oh. God.
No wonder her story
changed so much.
These cases are
frustrating and hard.
All you can do is
keep circling back.
And she may never
be ready to leave.
but it's important she knows
that we'll be there when she is.
Thank you.
Hey. Sorry to interrupt.
Did you get my e-mail
about the deadbeat tenants?
I did.
Bailey is renting to these
nightmare septuagenarians
who have a history of
torturing landlords.
They grew toxic mold
in their last rental
to avoid paying rent.
Which means you need to
start playing hardball.
Oh. listen. I can do that.
Mm. I have my doubts.
Look. it's just
that him and Bailey
are just way too
nice to be landlords.
Totally. O-O-Okay. hold on.
You are a complete badass
out on the streets.
but off-hours... I
mean. you're a little...
Easy target. A push over.
Hmm. Alright. The good news
is they haven't paid rent.
so you can start the
eviction process today.
Based on their history. they'll
probably take it to court.
Because of the backups. it'll
take a while to get a date.
Uh. if you're lucky. you'll be
rid of them in three months.
Three...
So meanwhile. I'll
be out legal fees.
and they'll pocket $18.000
renting out the place
to make "adult
films." Wonderful.
Okay. wait... They're
doing a porn set?
You didn't tell me that.
I was afraid you
would find a way
to make it my fault.
No. no. Regardless. that
is what's gonna save you.
Yeah. he's right.
The lease terms
specifically prohibit that.
Makes the case more clean cut.
Great. Just you wait and see
how much of a pushover I can be.
I-Is it too late
to call in sick?
No sick days for rookies.
Taking Elijah off the
board gave us brief peace.
Now there's blood
in the streets.
Moses has been around
for a long time.
He even has legitimate
businesses as fronts.
He's smart and measured until
he's pushed into a corner.
And Quinlan is young and wild
and not trying to wait his turn.
Did the night
shift hear anything
about Moses hitting back?
No. Not a peep. which somehow
makes me more nervous.
At least that means
there's no new bodies.
Or none that we've found yet.
I'm not religious per
se. but there's a lot
I'd like to get off my chest.
The confessional's really
just for Catholics.
Uh. totally get it.
Uh. maybe we could
talk on your way out.
Mnh-mnh.
Or not.
I have a lead.
A kid in my congregation...
One of Mateo's friends...
He came to me this morning and
asked me to tell you something.
When you say "friend." you mean
they used to bang together?
Yeah.
He told me Moses's
crew is transporting
a big shipment of drugs today.
hidden in merchandise
for his auto shop.
Wait. I thought you said your
informant is in Quinlan's gang.
He is.
What?
There's just... There's no way
a street-level kid would
know something like that.
especially about a rival gang.
Unless someone
wanted him to know.
Quinlan sent him to tell you.
He wants the LAPD to do
his dirty work for him.
I'm... I'm not following.
He tips us off so we
take Moses off the board.
Quinlan wins the war without
losing any more of his guys.
So you're not gonna
act on the tip?
Oh. no. We definitely are.
Doesn't matter if Quinlan's
trying to play us.
Any chance we have to
put Moses behind bars.
we're gonna take it.
Hello.
Where the hell did you go. huh?!
Lucy? Where the
hell did you go?!
Kyra. are you okay?
He's really mad. I
told you to find her!
He says that it's my fault that he can't
see his kids. It's gonna be worse for you
if I have to find
her! Yeah. okay.
What I'm gonna need you
to do right now. Kyra.
is get into a
public place. okay?
Who the hell are you talking to?
Nobody.
I'm sorry.
Kyra?
Control. I
have a possible 2-73-5
at 9213 Longview Avenue.
Send additional
units.
LAPD! I'm coming in!
Hey! Get off her.
Hands where I can see them.
Back up.
Make me. You
really want to add
assaulting a police
officer to your charge?
In for a penny.
Oh!
Put your hands behind your back.
Kyra. put the gun down.
He's not a bad guy.
He just gets mad sometimes.
He was about to kill you.
No. I overreacted. I
shouldn't have called.
No. you made the right decision.
You are in danger here.
They took his kids.
He is the reason he lost them.
No! His wife... she...
No. no. no. no.
I know what he said to you.
Kyra. and that's a lie.
You don't understand.
Okay.
None of that matters.
What matters right now is the
choice that you are making.
Okay? If you shoot me.
you're not gonna save him.
but you will go away to
prison forever. okay?
Just... put the gun down.
Kyra...
you have the power right
now to save me. okay?
Just put the gun down.
It's okay.
Turn around.
According
to our source.
Moses's truck should be
pulling in any minute.
Copy that.
Can I ask you a
question while we wait?
Go for it.
What's your take on true evil?
Does it exist?
Evil as in the devil or
guys with broken brains
who get off on torture?
The first one.
Look. I think looking for some
mythical creature to blame
for all the messed up stuff
human beings do is a cop out.
I disagree.
I mean. yeah. there are some
depraved people in the world.
but you can't say that you
haven't seen people act
in a way that you can't explain.
That's it... green cab.
Standby for the hand-off.
And there it is.
Move in.
Police!
Show me your hands! Now!
Face the truck.
You good?
Yeah.
Turn around.
Score.
Drugs confirmed inside.
Congratulations. You're
both under arrest.
Any idea how much weight
they're transporting?
Not yet. but even if a quarter
of these boxes are loaded.
we're talking tonnage.
It's weird how your worst
day is suddenly our best.
What would make it
better for both of us...
If you rolled over on Moses.
♪ F-Feed 'em all their meds ♪
♪ Till they forget
what the drugs cost ♪
♪ People never question what
you're selling them guns for ♪
♪ Beat 'em in the head
with the message ♪
♪ With the blunt force ♪
Gun!
Get down!
Go. go. go. go. go!
♪ Let 'em suck on your
exhaust till the sun's gone ♪
♪ Make 'em bleed from it
while they dream of it ♪
Shots fired. Three men
armed with submachine guns.
shooting from the south
east. Need backup. Code-3...
♪ When all else fails.
start a war up ♪
Moses must have
sent a follow car.
Those aren't Moses's guys.
I recognize the big one
from Quinlan's crew.
Why would Quinlan tip us
off only to send a hit team?
♪ 'Cause if it ain't dead... ♪
Cover me.
♪ Bleed your customer.
get yourself free ♪
You guys okay?
Yeah. we're fine.
Although I'm wishing I had
the long gun right now.
Do you wanna play
offense of defense?
What do you think?
Alright. you cover fire.
We'll advance on the vehicle.
♪ Tell him to buy a pet.
help him to buy a house ♪
♪ Chain him to a fence and
get your pound of flesh out ♪
♪ Sell nicotine.
caffeine. energy drinks ♪
♪ They'll work till they forget
to breathe. dream. or think ♪
♪ Or worship celebrity... ♪
Get your guns
outside the vehicle.
Hands behind your back.
Let's go. Drop them!
Out of the car.
Step out of the car.
Go. Out.
Turn around. Hands
against the car.
We're code-4.
We need R. A. s for
five G. S. W. victims.
I think we need to have a
talk with our informant.
I was just thinking
the same thing.
My brother says you told
him about the drug shipment.
What we need to know
is who told you.
It's alright. Ricky.
You can tell her.
It was Quinlan. Mm. no.
See. you wanted us to think
it was coming from Quinlan.
But why would your
boss ask the LAPD
to intercept his
rival's drug shipment
and then send his own guys in?
He had to know
they'd get arrested.
I think someone else
asked you to tip us off.
Someone who would benefit
from both Quinlan and Moses
being taken down.
We just need you to
tell us who that is.
I can't. He'll kill me.
Who?
Listen to me. I
know you're scared.
We can protect you. but
only if you help us.
Angela's telling the truth.
You know she's my sister. right?
If she says she has
your back. she's got it.
He paid me $5.000 to
tell you about the shipment.
Who paid you?
Elijah Stone.
Moses didn't kill
Quinlan's guys.
Elijah did. to provoke a war.
He had Moses and Quinlan
soften each other up.
then he sent us in for the kill.
Not that we can prove any of it.
All we have is
Ricky's testimony.
Which Elijah will claim that
he tipped off the police
about an illegal activity.
like any upstanding
citizen would.
After everything we went
through to take him down.
less than a year later.
he's right back
where he started.
I have to tell Wesley before
he finds out some other way.
Angela can't be anywhere
near this investigation.
Neither of them can.
I know.
She won't like it. but
Elijah's seven steps ahead.
One wrong move.
he'll have her badge.
Come on. hit it!
God! Every time!
Be encouraging.
Yes. Good. Good job. Good try.
We're gonna work on that.
Blake. you're up. bud.
Alright. you've got
this. Eye on the ball.
Let's go. let's
go.
Good job. buddy.
Whoo!
He looks scared.
You make him nervous.
I'm nervous. huh?
You're making him
nervous.
Blake. you got this. bud.
♪ You were cheering me on ♪
Yeah! Whoo! Yeah! Whoo!
Yeah! Whoo!
Go. Blake! All the
way! Take second!
Yes! Yeah!
That's how you
do it! Great job!
♪ Who didn't learn how to feel ♪
♪ I'm just the Bad News Bears ♪
♪ You want me to win ♪
Is that your kid?
Oh. yeah.
You're doing this now?
Calm down.
No one wants Blake to see
you taken off in cuffs.
Don't do anything stupid. and
we can all just enjoy the game.
Okay?
♪ But I had to drive
all the way out here ♪
Okay.
♪ Way out here ♪
♪ Just to figure
out how to cry ♪
Maeve?
Malcolm?
I'll just post the
eviction notice.
Uh. I don't think we need it.
They took everything.
e-even the doorknobs.
♪ I'm just a kid who
didn't learn how to feel ♪
They left my bed.
Of course they did.
Well. at least you got them out.
I feel so stupid.
How could I fall for this?
After Jason. you'd
think I'd learn.
Listen. After everything
you've been through.
you still have it within
you to trust people.
I find that admirable.
♪ I didn't know I was
the one to root for ♪
I mean. yeah. sure. you
could pull it back a smidge.
So. what now? Do
we put out an APB?
Tempting. But given
their track record.
I would think they're halfway
to another state by now.
Now. let's just focus on
finding some new tenants
and do the mother of
all background checks.
No. I'm ready to sell.
Really? Yeah.
This is my old life.
You and your place...
It's my future.
And we're gonna have to do
some work on this place.
though. before we sell.
"We"? I-I mean. I'll help.
but I'm not a contractor.
No. You're more of
a supervisor. Mm.
Gotta play to my
strengths. Mm-hmm.
- - Captions by VITAC...
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm